Poem Start
How snappishly they say-
Autistics are challenged people,
And how deferring I become-
” I am independent”,quoting on the leaves of maple.
How vividly they just quote a single story,
“autistic lacks almost all skills”,
And how silently I just walk in shadow,
whispering in their ears, the god’s glory!
How their eyes shine when they state-
“Oh, don’t worry , he is emotionless,”
And how shall I tell them,
I do wail and cry while chalking the slate.
How uncountable times they speak the same thing,
all because they think I can’t focus,
And how valantly I stand on their face,
Without an irritable hint, cutting the poison of sting.
How easily they decide for me,
that I can’t stand out in the crowd,
And, Oh! How eagerly I wish to tell them,
that they never withstand to feel my moment of glee.
Autism is not being pessimistic
I am a symbol of optimism,
Autistic are artistic,
And I am creature -so- galactic.
There is this SPECTRUM in me-
You say, I suffer from “Autism Spectrum Disorder”,
But have you even felt the beauty of rainbow?
That spectrum is not a disorder and so am I !Poem End
 Poem Start
The falling autumn leaves,
Red, yellow, hued in every shade
Minimal yet betraying its own body
Like the soul evaporating in space!
Autumn enigma hence it was,
The spring brought back the soul,
Once one that died reversed its living
Like the anatomy growing out flesh!
My scales on that pump’s core,
So pulp once, now parched
Every scale onto another,
Like the falling autumn leaves,
Heaved breaths with uttering remarks,
Like the veins touched to the bark,
The sap channeled in the body
How could something defy gravity?
Soul in its shell now,
Could even enjoy the imprisonment,
Maybe something gracious couldn’t touch it naked,
But holy is even the touch on its shell!
Breathless moments in that autumnal world
Wintry shade that forever was on it,
Could feel the highest of beats,
Intensity as of the summer noon!Poem End
 Poem Start
I never knew how was it to die,
before I watched the dead leaves falling by,
I never knew how was it to be lifeless,
before I saw them crumbling to dust.
I never knew how was it to be abandoned,
before I threw my teddy out of my bed.
I never knew how was it to be like a statue or a pedestal,
before I saw the smile engraved forever on it.
I never knew how was it to be placed in soil,
Until I saw how humus gave birth to lives.
I never knew whether the energies do get conserved,
until I hear the reverberation of lively deads,
I never knew how its like leaving everything behind,
Until I see the pollen in the mouth of birds.
I never knew the beauty that is in death,
Until I wished the same for myself!Poem End
 Poem Start
Hanging over the wall
was my family's portrait..
my eyes closed and my eyelids fell
Remembering the days so magnificent & great!
Hiding in the arms of the sweetest lap
Taking a sound and a sighing nap
A happy tall male
Took me in his lap & uttered a tale!
They were reasons of my birth
I, in return, was the reason of their mirth
I was their cuddle of joy
And also was their lucky toy!
Time passed and I grew five years old
Still they provided me a childhood hold
Sometimes I cried,
Sometimes shoutedly laughed
Other times I murmured
And rest time my sleep was carved!
I am now a school going child
Smile full of surprises but still so mild
Neither happy nor so sad
My feelings were not too bad!
Seconds passed, minutes kept on going
Happiness vanished, my life was so boring
My mind stored expressions so varied
Now I repent why I carried!
Cold wind blew
My thoughts too flew
Harshness crashed the frame
I was in a coma train!
The doors of my vision opened wide
Windows curled upside
Tears flew on my cheeks so wide
Felt like dewpearls sliding from leaves downside!
The portion in one way still lies with me
It is my expensive motivation fee
For others its a childish thought
But, for me, its an abode of love and trust!
Remembering those golden days
Of lady's kisses
Gardener swaying his plant leaves
Nurturing the flowers
But now, this loneliness p*ss*s
I am still standing still
Folding both hands
Remembering those April's celebration bands!Poem End
 Poem Start
Sanguine hopes amidst cancerous times,
hopes, so un-static like flame
in the wind, flares, and fades.
It is my birthday and the pandemic-
globally is growing!
I sit still in this lockdown but
inside me are heaps of skeletal army,
marching and abandoning, like the flares of flame-
that rises and fades, that dances and dries!
It is my Birthday today and I am stuck,
but not completely chained-
hopes are flying dipped in colors,
some green and red, some yellow and blue.
They rise high in the sky, like the eyes that
seek the stars, so shall they always look straight,
into the eyes that stores the dream-
of a bright, young day, green all around,
smiles on faces wrapped up in love.
Retired heart is still responsible,
because hope is its undiluted component,
because if hope shall die, so shall all of us,
and if it grows, it shall be the army
and weapon against every bad that threatens us!
I lay on the bed, still floating in a free world,
where all of us are united amidst the dreary pandemic,
it is my birthday,
and I pray for hope to dance like the flames in ecstasy!Poem End
 Poem Start
Into the ring of life, once the mortality did fit,
now it adorns the immortal memories.
Hiccups, one after the other ended with death,
now opens up another world of life in me.
The frolics and the times I wore my sister's frock,
ran into localities that were unknown to me.
The ear-pulls by Mommy and the wrath of my Daddy,
are now the garden of love for me.
I must do note, Mother was my Goddess,
and I must do note, Daddy was my Godly king!
And now what I have is boundless memories
that pops up in me now and then!
Now, there is life after death,
and what would happen when the memories would start to fade?
Would they all cease to exist?
Just what death do to us!
Promises made throughout our life-
do they still breathe even if I don't?
How shall I ever know the meaning of life?
When after the death , I am no more!
For we know dark because we witness the dawn,
but I must do note, there is still life after death !Poem End
 Poem Start
Love is a vision,
complete entanglement.
Love is a powerful mirage,
where you see beauty even in pain.
Love is a habitat,
being accustomed is an art.
Love is a binding magic,
that doesn't let your soul fly away.
Love is the shore,
that shelters the memories.
Love is "countless forms",
that looks for oneself in the other.
Love is friendship,
that doesn't end in hardships.
Love is establishment,
of trust and dare to adventure.
Love is perennial,
that doesn't cry when it hurts.
Love is healing,
that nurtures a mortal being.
Love is so bizarre,
even ragged dolls make us cry.
Love is hope and wonder,
that gives a soul uniqueness.
Love is a genre of happiness,
that lets us be secure with our own flaws.
Love is the Antares,
that resides in the heart of Scorpion.Poem End
 Poem Start
I see her, sitting
in front of the hearth feasting on
the cow dung cakes,
fire pushing out the light onto her face
gleaming sweat
like diamond beads-
glows bright!!
I see him, sitting
in front of me feasting
on my books,
fire pushing out the light onto my face
gleaming fear
like morning dew-
glows bright!
I get one stick,onto my body the red marks
like the fireflies scattering light.
Another she takes for me, the tears brimming full
until the streak gave itself to gravity!
Alone onto the bed, I sit,
the flickering lantern light casting
unknown shadows in my mind.
I called out to her-
“Maa, can you make me eat? “
and the sweat still dripping
and gleaming!
She comes to me, holds my hand,
like the placenta that bound me in her womb,
I go along with her near the hearth,
the light casting the shadow-
of the light, into the light,
And for the light-
that laid within!Poem End
 Poem Start
Deep below, I look high above
Muddled thoughts and addled ways,
Softened corners and bent linears
Tempestuous heart bleeding!
Look into me, through my eye,
This body is still not broken
Your pain, if incidents upon my retina,
shall reflect the happiness to you!
Look into me back again,
Did I deceit you all the time?
If my heart is convict of this great felony,
My eyes shall justify you the truth!
Ardent heart blooming,
corners so crooked and linears achiral
pure thoughts and cloudless ways
Deep below, I look high above !Poem End
 Poem Start
Deciphering the signals of my heart,
the way it stoned down with experiences,
None of the feelings could reverse the chemistry,
until she came under my shade!
Plethora of thoughts rushed within,
the blood vessels did make me feel,
the eruptions of hormones
and finally the tear gland worked on right !
Couldn't it be like I could help her?
But I didn't.
Just as a new plant couldn't bear a flower,
I was immobilised into my existence.
Wished I could heal her pain,
but maybe the experiences won again.
Her tears never did come out too,
My tears waited for her's arrival.
Oh! How much should I thank you sister?
For making me alive- even a little was enough!Poem End
 Poem Start
Look ye’ the world, the place where I stand
The graveyard where there is only soil and sand
Look ye’ the creator of the world
The deaths too have their flags unfurled
Look ye’ the creator of me
I wonder if you need it to see
Look ye’ my elder brother
I never want this plus to dig in further
Look ye’ the world again
He may be drying the blood stain
He may be missing the bandages
Because he only lived his life’s four stages
And then see these white flowers
Which stand on these graves white towers
Look this soil standing so still
Like this emptiness can never fill
Because this graveyard is death’s attire
His journey to the cemetery was without the byre
His journey was never so smooth
Because he was the darkness’ truth
The graveyard is black
Inside is no white
It's only him and the bugs
He is so still
Not anything to fill
Emptiness to grill.Poem End
 Poem Start
The footprints on the moist soil, on an untrodden, barren land,
fingers and toes carved inches deeper than the ankle,
diverged in no single direction, as if it forked every time
it collided with seafoam or shamrock, sage or sea-weed.
Rambling through the muddy land under my feet, dampening my soul, the fluttering thoughts began to root me down.
My heart ecstatic at the sight of light playing hide and seek with the leaves top.
The wail of thunder aroused the beats of contentment and avenge spasmodically. The tears from up the heaven, the gravity of green calling it down,
to pitter-patter on leaves. The harmonious, continual beats brought back
the nostalgic spool of water into my countryside courtyard, the smaller, Da-Vinci me crafting the paper boats to be landed into water to travel countless memory lanes.
Every time it rained, I looked at the sky, hazy and cloudy,
wondering if it were the continual tears of joy or the relentless tears of sorrow.
My eyes transfixed up yet again, looking for an origin of where it began, wondering how ghostly dark it was.
The drops bathed the leaves with the drumming music, and the trees swayed from one side to another in merriment.
The drops slid down the barks of eucalyptus, Leopoldinia pissaba, Palla or Huicungo, moistening their dried crust. The breeze was on its epitome, blew and puffed with all its energy, life in the motionless entities.
I stood frozen on the dried bed of leaves, my feet feeling their pointedness and roughness, the soft, swollen, rotten leaves beneath my lively existence.
The smell carried me down to long gone days when I walked by holding the hands of my Dad, the beautiful gardens of my countryside. The plethora of smell mixed with that of soil is still packed up in my spirit, belonging to those dates of beautiful life.
Amidst the lands of forest, my ears could catch up the tunes of fizzle and babble, the rain drops lining up one waves on another,
the sense of nothingness disappearing with every cloud that melted.
Upon hearing my padding, the fishes swarmed up to welcome me in their home, all flawlessly fresh and alive. The red flowers of Heliconia and the tints of violet and pink of Orchids, the violet fangs and petals of Passiflora and the lilies on the water bed never failed to mystify my vision.
The rain drops fell on my skin–
one drop livening up the neurons,
the second compelling me to breathe deeper and
the third satisfying the inner-wants of my spirit.
As I trampled ahead, I could listen to the hums, thrums, buzzes and chirps,
all adding colors to the tale. The frogs croaked nearby, the monkey on the canopy occupying a bark above me. I walked with mere delight with tints of fears
of those hiding behind foliage or those who turned themselves
from green to blue to brown to black,
from spotless to spot-full,
from soft to thorned,
from rough to moistened silk.
Onto the ground where laid my feet just a step before when I looked at the underground king hissing and making its way to slither beyond vision.
Under the shade of dense canopy, I could feel the warmth on my skin,
sky empty of clouds
and the sun lurking and finding its way to humus the soil,
to feed the cells, to give life to even unborn.
Every bit of mine was lauding to what I felt, the warmth soaking the dampness, livening up the core.
The soft breeze brought back another music for freeing up the fears,
to stop stealthily seeping into another frozen thought, to feel it blowing through you, and the enchanted soul felt relieved.
Back again I look, to see from where I started-
of the footprints that I left beyond,
far, far away to not even dare to find it back,
I pranced and waddled to unknown lands,
to unknown life waiting for me!Poem End
 Poem Start
Emollient are you, elysium are you
my love has emenated on you
embalmed to be you
to elope with you
on forehead, only signs of edict of yours
to be effaced is not you
to be burnt that soul is not you
my effigy is you
uneditable is you and my eve is you
and i am the adam of yours
my each word's echo is you
my each heart beating is you
neither ephemeral is you
may be the daughter of Jesus is you
and there is a long epic of me and yours
our love is equipose
to evince it
there is no need
let it evolve and each one of us be the factor of me and yours!!Poem End
 Poem Start
Some pages, lingering like those stars in space,
wouldn't even get stained with ink;
as only few of them manages to constellate.

Blank mind tainted with empty heart;
just like that black, lonely space,
even asteroids and comets do break and burn
But there is always the black-out.

Shouting and thumping and breaking inside,
But who notices the stars getting crumbled?
Because there always is the SUN.

No words would be the right choice,
No feelings can match the brutality,
There was once the BIG BANG in space
Just like the fallout in the dreary desert of heart!

Outnumbered emotions carried by hormones,
drowning me into that tempestuous space,
Peace to the heart would be the peace for body..

Beat..Bea...Be....B... No more!Poem End
 Poem Start
I was shot as two merging as one,
as a cell, I crept within –
an unfamiliar cave, on an unknown journey.
I find my ways, scared of dying, thundering bolt crashing inside
from one corner to the next, until something clasped me-
from inside and outside:
her unbearing pain giving me strength to hold onto the fimbriae
that makes me into an embryo.
I hear her crying and at time, my space shivers.
I drown in flood, at times when she weeps silently.
Still, I am clasping harder then ever, until I grow,
I am multiplying and this is so horrifying-
to find myself growing one cell onto other.
I can feel her in me, the majestic blood gushing inside
and him, who helped her to bring life into me.
I am six months old now, and I talk to her,
I hit with my legs, onto her body and her heart
skips a beat, I feel she touches me now and then to see:
if I am eating, to not misunderstand my sleep with my end.
She is scared at times and you wonder how I feel it?
Because I own her heart, she gave me that:
all filled with hope, light, trust, strength and expectations.
Her unfathomable beats sends me countless letters
from the neurons that connects us.
She asks me to come soon , from the very space that holds me,
into her hands that could feel me.
I give a pull at “my” placenta:
“Maa, I am hungry”! And not even a second elapsed before she starts eating
with all her strength to send me food. I feel the energy sliding down from her into me,
flowing with umparallel speed, defying that of light itself.
I am new to this and i do not know how life outside this wombed world is,
my legs are growing, and now I completed my eight month and
she may call out to me anytime. She still clasps me beautifully, patiently,
while enduring pain and mercurial happiness!
“Maa, when would I be out?”
“Are you in dire need to come into my hands, son?”
and before I could answer, she wailed deeper than ever!
I feel the quake in my domain, my head is wobbling, I feel the space rotating,
it feels like doom, something extra-terrestrial pulls me outside-
with undying strength, I fight the gravity but I fail.
I feel her blood and muscles caressing me, softly pushing me outside and
lo and behold, I feel the never-felt cold on my face, there is this blinding light,
I don’t see my red world in vision, my shutters are down.
I am making my way, I guess-
to land in her hands, my drums beating impatiently, the melody of her screams
so profound. The nine months of holding me inside comes to an end with the lifetime gift of another life!
I slide out of my world into her world that would be mine too from this second henceforth, I feel someone holding me up, someone smiling up to me, someone’s heartbeat popping out loud. My heart reciprocates and –
She hold me closer to her chest, my lips kissing her neck, my littlest of hands
touching her face, I trace the streaks on her cheek, but I can touch her teeth
and she smiles. You wonder how do I know it?
“Maa”?
Ankit, I see you in me. You are me!”
“And so am I! “
And the cold faded, she wrapped me around herself,
my feet on her naval, my cheek sticked to her chest,
I feel the familiar world, holding me, caressing me!
“You know what’s striking, Maa?”
My beats matches yours. When you go fast, I go fast.
When you go slow, I go slow. And when you cease to exist, I will also..
“Shh..”
And she wraps me into her Godly halo!Poem End
 Poem Start
Hope,
Powerful and powerless
magnificent and malicious,
that makes us hold the hands of our dearest father,
with thoughts of one day, him being the anomaly to life
while the gaps between his child’s hand would feel utterly empty!
The flames on the wick,
inside the glass case of lantern,
was dim and flickering.
the shadow crept on either walls
shapeless head massing over the page.
It was the same story-
I was reading the thousandth time
In my euphoria, the flame-
benign, blinding
danced in the beautiful clouds of scholarly world !
Upon weaving together every fabric
of the tale that activated the adrenaline
my sight ran errands with the creeping shadow
The gravity of the black magnetized the light,
calling me out of my wooden bed!Poem End
 Poem Start
The day so wild and worse are gone
which were filled with sadness and frawn
It skipped late and later it went
into a permanent dismissal...
Some part of me I lost
groaned in that never ending pain
lines of tension on forehead were clear
Yet it was not over-
drips of sweat trickled down my forehead...
Soon I started making promises
to myself-most of them were fake
worsening myself;I grew more depressed
A heaved life-death breath...
One bad memory was not enough
powered it up to many
So much that it grew more and more
my feeling were like dried tar!
I had her!
Yet I falsened my identity
Pump became griefs' and tears' abode
She was life to me
then how could I even yearn for death?
She felt defeated
Trust lost in holes-
of those life and death
A teenager's pain!
This dried tar killed her from inside
made her feel she is not worthy of love
This heart was frozen..
Yet it was hers
And she is forever mine...
Her breath like those sharp storms
devastating that dried tar shield
Her love like that spring beauty
clearing those 'worriness 'clouds
Her beauty like those heaven angels
making me what I was
Her soul like that of a God
Completing the full Me!
Confidence when breaks itself its base
She mends it up
Power to live,when is lost
she like the guardian of life
Craves those lively spells into me
When fear surrounds me from all around
Her rage is worth to see
Epitome of Love is she
Wilderness is she
That lovely me is She!
Being with her is what I am
Crazy and loved Me!
Being away from her,disguises that craziness
The sea-
into which I wanna drown ,drown n drown!
Deep down me is She
that 'She' is opposite 'anonymous'
She is very part of me
The very Me!
All through my life..
Until death..
Only you.Poem End
 Poem Start
On a moonlit night
away from worries and fright
I engraved her on my silent heart
and it fudged with a great start...
With my mind's fiat
I embossed out the feminine
I emended a little bit
and it turned more epithetic...
Then it all grew more immense
elopement came as a dream
ersatzion was required
followed was feelings' exodus...
I grew more fanatic
fained to go near her
tell out all my heart
that I was a love fiend...
She was genial
all I felt was giddiness
she reached near me
all now I felt was uttering...
A gentle wind blew
her face shone in that cool blue moonlight
which made her look even more bright
we hugged each other
later we sat near the bank
she laid on my shoulder
it was so intense..I wonder!
She opened her mouth
spoke out a word
it was so charming for the ears
which never gave way for tears!
I was drowned in her voice
not even aware of her question uttered twice
I was at once shocked
by seeing her eyes locked..
eyes faced my face
hairs blew over my face
she was just an inch away from me.
I pressed my cold lips against her....
and it all ended with my sleep!!Poem End
 Poem Start
No, I am not angry,
Just because you decided to be yourself.
No, you don't need my forgiveness,
Just because you said about the thing which you fear the most!
No, you don't need to be sad,
Just because you wanted me to help you win your fears!
No, you don't need to be broken,
Just because you wanted to heal somebody!
No, you don't need to be cursing yourself,
Just because I am silent?
No, my silence doesn't mean you hurt me,
they are reflections of my reframed thoughts!
No, you are not the one possessing black heart,
Just because you are the queen among the whole pack!
No, you don't have to be silent and messy
Just because I never told you I am happy.
No, you don't need to be fearful of creeping shadows,
Just because they make haunting shapes.
But who knows, there was always a beauty in the beast!
No, everything doesn't have to be falling down,
We gave time together to solve this maze.
No, hope shall never vanish from the soul
It's been always taking us out of hell.
But yes, I was whole lot of a hell,
You created a heaven in me.
Yes, I was dead and dispersed just as those white puffs-
Shapeless and colourless-
And you turned this deciduous into evergreen!
No, just look at this journey we have been together,
Mending and complementing each other.
Yes, someday you were me and others days I was you,
But we fit in the roles of each other.
No, it's never true "a boy can never be a mother"!
You called your teenage craze "your mother"!
And what shall a mother does?
No, I know she doesn't punish for doing mistakes,
She never scolds dreadfully for small  wrongs!
But yes, she kisses on the forehead smoothly,
Filling all scars with hope, love and faith!
Yes, you need to know, this mother is your mother,
And who are you then?
My child completing me without even being my genes?
No, this is not hilarious!
It is an evolution, genetic evolution!
And as a soul, I shall reside in you,
Just as you forever live in me!
I am guarding your soul forever,
And even after every death, I have developed a telepathy,
You will be mine forever in all births to come-
Today, forever and thereafter-
Only you!  Forever YOU! Poem End
 Poem Start
Carved on the window's net,
There was she -
Soiled, beautiful with the two wings set
Silent and still,
Without any thrill
The portrait was she -
Alive, yet dead in this earthly frame!
With the zooming of iris,
There was she
Utterly gracious-the sun's gleam in her eyes,
Calm and dull
Desire to win in null
The butterfly was she-
Fluttering - yet the deadly fluttering!
Yes, she is sitting there again,
In the manuscript of my brain's library
Fresh and awake
For my love's sake
She is there on the window's net-
The blue spreading over her mini grey body
She is calm and steady!
I could lay her out once again
Summer morning it was,
And the butterfly was there,
Still on window, net replaced by the sill,
Broken desire outcasted the happiness,
She was there not to live, rather to die!
Over my palm was she,
Irradiation was between me and she,
The heat went into her-
Yes, she shivered!
The parted wings were now together,
The journey of her life was like the broken feather,
She was silent and still,
Breathing heavily on that one metre hill.
So beautiful was she-
Brown, soiled -yet so colourful,
And the colours soon faded into the gloomy world!
The corners of my eyes noticed,
The shadow of the two wings set,
Not vertical, but painted out horizontally
Silent and still,
The breaths in nil,
The portrait was she-
Dead, yet alive in my pump's frame!Poem End
 Poem Start
How hard do I reckon to it?
The shiver never turns into cold or heat.
The flame never extinguishes,
It's either the brain or my heart which perishes.
The beauty which was once laid inside them
Have now put an end to my feeling's fame.
They either hide out in that deep cave- so dark,
Neither my cries nor my happiness could create a spark.
The worse times or the poorest of days,
The felonies and the ongoing cell decay forever stays.
They peep out loud and awake,
Falling over me like that chilly winter snowflake.
Oh, how hard do I again reckon to it?
To those memories which constantly disturbs the beat.
The worse and the bitter are not anymore separated,
The duel between the two keeps them elated.
The happy past chapters of my life,
However hard I beckon seems so difficult to strive.
Shrunk and cold, the memories are so cruel,
The sad ghosts attend the happiness' funeral.
Yes, the cut is so deep and filled with pain,
Forever will remain the corpse's bloodstain.
The memories call out to me time and again,
Good and sweet, bad and bitter- the 'try' to escape is always in vain!Poem End
 Poem Start
Numbed heart slaughtered damn Godly lives
Enslaved mind sent messages to conscience
Winning by killing was not the teaching
Zombies are being replaced by us
Ethereal was the human soul called- peace and beauty laid in it
Ambitious for making the world but every pint on blood on land is irony
Love was meant to heal, but today the love of religion killed lives
Ardent peace in every life lost is such a dying-bloom
Never was it wanted out of humans,
Demons were made for such an onslaught!Poem End
 Poem Start
On a cold winter night
I was in lack of delight
Covered under blanket
My lips worked like trumpet!!
So soothing was it to sleep
Whole day and whole night
But there existed worries and fright
Sometimes I curled right
Sometimes turned left
Unable to sleep
I sat and took deep breath!!
I stood up from my bed
Took steps towards window
Neither that cold nor my ted
Bothered me more than my dying friend!!
I saw a beam of light
Entering my room
Through a small hole
I was forced to dip in waves of thought
Which arose in my mind!!
That light taught me a value
To keep taking step..little or big it is
as Life is full of locks
And there is only one correct key!!
I laid on my bed again
On that warm bed
Curled under blanket
My lips worked like trumpet!!
With my soul out
I was visiting each house
That one in the corner and one in an open field
But My work didn't give me a good yield!!
I flew up and up
Sailing across the sky
Neither that cold nor loneliness
could Drag me away from being bold!!
I saw a bird's nest
The baby was I'll
Tears shed in mother's eyes
Father was paying the doctor's bill!!
I stayed on that tree for sometime
Saw another bird arriving in no time
It brought a sweater, a cap, and yummy food
Which could heal up her friend which stood
On that tree...on dying stage!!
I flew up from there again
Searched house after house
For my sweet love
Curled up in bed, ill, as beautiful dove
I was tired
My will retired
I was failed up in search
Now.no more!no more!no more!!
Again I led the same way
Where I resided
In that sweet, cosy bed
Curled up in blanket
My lips worked like trumpet!!
I was getting more and more tired
Failed to find my body
It was fired
In that morning..sweet, young and fresh!!
After a month
I saw a sweet face
Running for school
She was running and running
On her face, engraved were intense feelings!!
She was also sad and worn
Incomplete she felt
Attraction was the last phase
I still wonder how amazing was this life's maze!
I entered her body
Her soul met mine
How happy her heart was
She met the love of her life
And the soul..she waited for!!
She was lacking the soul's body
Still soul was in her
Incompleteness did not worry her any more
She was in love..more and more
More and more..
Till eternity...with drops of tears..
In her vision!!Poem End
 Poem Start
I often dream of being an oxymoron-
Giving sadness the pain,
laughing in the wild tumult of thoughts,
Bursting out laughter tears in the times of great felony,
Spreading water even to the dead leaves,
Mending even the broken glass,
Spreading constellation into starry beads all across the night sky,
Bringing storms into a peaceful life,
and being a breeze into the tidal world,
Giving you the poison if you are determined to live
and drinking the poison myself, gifting my life -
To someone who wants to die!Poem End
 Poem Start
A morning, unveiling the light,
The light promising a bright day,
Who knew that the reins were already set from heaven
Ever-ready to eclipse the promising light!

The choked breath paused the minutes,
Even the seconds wailed to go on.
There it was-the body on the chariot,
to be set on the journey of being immortal!

The tears rolled down her eyes,
Millions of beads falling one on one
Like it was meant to be threaded,
To be worn as the garland of victory!

The garland beads before the ending mortality,
Flowed and dried as the fire consumed
The flame purifying the soul,
Know that the light shall always bless you!

Don't dare you cry!
And why shall ever you?
For the body that disappeared,
But the soul shall always guard you!

The countless moments of shouts,
The bucket and mug on its sunday routine,
Like the freshness draping the dried body,
And her blessings shall always be yours!

It feels like it happened yesterday,
as if it happened in a moment's flash,
She waits and stares at the door,
at her hands with memories painting her eyes!

Her hands feel the emptiness,
The mug and bucket stares at her,
The nightly-awakened loud cries,
Yes, her heart thumps and thumps!

Minutes resumed on a slow note,
Seconds swiftly slid,
But the heart that contained it all,
Lost the battle to time!

Adorned in a beautiful attire,
The jewellery adding twinkles to that star,
She gave her hand to her grand-daughter,
Yes, the hands were no more lonely!

She says-it was blissful
To meet her again, to defeat the time.
Grandma says-"it has just been five days and I feel tired",
Soon someone spilled water on those colorful images!

She walked again-back as a mortal,
With their hands merging as one!
Like the dream was itself a reality,
She did win it- the race with time!

I planned to meet the Nivecian butterfly,
Her kingdom attacked and shattered,
Still she murmured, still she smiled,
Being the anomaly to all!

The wounds of the deadly sword,
Still fresh with no blood in sight,
She was afraid if the fate was more cruel,
And if the same happened to her mom and dad!

A new morning casted another eclipse,
She was unknown to forthcoming but scared,
of the cruelty of that never-losing time,
The chariot again arrived at her castle.

Numbed with the pain,
She looked at her mother's body,
Her memories trapped in the wildfire,
She remembers her journey from the diapers to the hands that wiped her tears!

She shouted one day at her mummy-
Why are you not even letting me rest in holidays?
Her Mom was low in haemoglobin,
She utterly regretted her words!

Like a child she is as we all are,
The shouts and our childish threats once become our memory.
Mummy, she says she is numb to even cry,
But she calls to you-time and again!

She cannot cry anymore,
Millions of beads already woven into garlands,
She gave all she had,
To those two beloved-loved and alone!

Her wizard drowning into loneliness,
With the vidoes of his wife stuffing life in her running all twenty four hours,
As if she will return-the mighty she wizard
to her beloved , he wizard!!

The Nivecian butterfly now flutters,
Her wings beautiful,young and wet,
She seeks to rebuild her kingdom,
With the magic of her Dad!
She now has loaded responsibilities,
Of herself and her wizard,
Both of them make a wonderful team,
Their smiles-the oxygen to each other!
He sits without his potion,
But the beautiful butterfly seeks to brew for him,
The potion filled,the happiness instilled,
Their laughter consuming the space!
The cuelest of all happened to her,
On the 18th of May and the 8th of JUNE!
Shall ever be on the pages of our history,
The memories being our lifeline!
I call out to her-
Let your wings paint the world-
The world of your Dad, the very world of yours, the world of all!
Flutter ,rise and soar higher,
For that ending sky is your beginning!
I wish your words reach beyond spheres,
To that ever-expanding dimensionless universe,
the timeline failing before you!
You are a strong, beautiful mystery for all!
Yes, you are the most-powerful heroine in my page,
The pages of my life shall always breathe in your story,
It will forever be inspired by the tales of your glory,
You are the best Nivecian- even the two souls from heaven will bid for you!Poem End
 Poem Start
Nebulous thoughts hovered over,
Ambivalent was I.
Either the mob or you,
Were righteous wright of my facade.
Into my pages of desires and love,
I wrote you and them-
They were damn synthetic,
And you, a mere delusion.
I am a conglomerate-
A complex lattice.
The entangled relations and the never ending desolation
Have turned me scrawny and cloddish.
For what I am with you,
Is not at a high stake,
But the dear spot of your stab,
Has left a red lighted hole in & out of my lab.
The craps make me ill,
But you were not among them-
My agony and torment given by you,
Is more ill than ill.
I stand nonplussed among the crowd,
Reflecting my images and casting my shadows.
Shadows : a little dark and then darker,
The image pale and paler.
I am under the sun- flummoxed
My varying black shadow to your side,
And the colourless image towards me.
Now I am out of it,
Out of every bewilderment
Lucid, logical & comprehensible,
Not vague and uncomplicated.
Lengthening shadows to your side,
Image for me.
Damn it! This is my game.
The rules would be mine.
Caution to the rule breakers -
I would come to wreak vengeance!
Poem End
 Poem Start
Let my heart sing a song so deep
neither so low nor so steep
Let my heart drop out its heat
Let it beat, beat and only beat!
Let it say it pumps out the blood
Let it say it carries information in its flood
Let it say it cannot be on its seat
Let it beat, beat and only beat!
Let it keep its flow perennial
Let it be intense and genial
Let it keep its rhyme so sweet
Let it beat, beat and only beat!
Let it say it holds another heart in it
With its beat it has to compete
Let it say before this meet, it was incomplete
but don’t ever dare to stop the beat!
Let it say its difficult to keep
Let it say its impossible to maintain the heat
Let it say both are banging its heat
Let it beat, beat and only beat!
Let it sing the rhythm so hoarse
because the way to mix is coarse
Let it say it cannot accept the defeat
because its not only a beat, its a super beat!
Let it sing the rhythm of machine
where four atrium flow into two streams
Let it say this is the perfect meet
For it has to continue the rhyme of its beat!
Let it sing the rhythm of moulding of ventricles
because it is the decision so sensible
Let this heart now stop its heat
Let it continue its perfect beat!
Let it say the veins tangled in this process
numerous arteries met in crosses
Let it say this process is elite
Let it continue the rhyme of its beat!
Let it say that now it is one
Let it sing the rhythm of happiness and fun
Let it feel the mixture so hot and wild
Let it say the feeling is far above from being mild
Let it say that now its complete
Because its not a beat, its a super beat!
Let it say that now it has won
Without doing any cheat and con
Let it always remember the meeting of beat
and let it sing the rhyme so sweet!
Let it sing the rhythm of love
What is seen in flattering of dove
Let it sing the song so deep
neither so low nor so steep!
Let it now send the blood
where laid are infinite emotions’ flood
Let it say it does not hold unitary thought
As, in it, the heart of two is caught
deeply they feel, deeply they greet
and together they sing the song of incredible meet!
Poem End
 Poem Start
Handing a bridle in one of my hands
I was passing through the western sands
My unicorn ran like the rhyme of the river
That sand castle broke with the shiver!!
On my way, catalpa was all around
My happiness was on its extreme with no bound
Leaves were spread some here and some there
Heart shaped leaves were they;which made me stare!
I collected some leaves in delight
To celebrate the day so beautiful and bright
Because I am lured by her sight
Always waiting for that splendid night!!
I geared away from that sand
Away in search of a new land
purlieus of garish place, stood in front
My feelings were now very, very, blunt!
Bulrush was all around
To wherever I turned, it was found
A sudden echo I heard
To that of a heartbeat of a bird!!
I splashed water of that marshland
Those drips jumped and settled on my hand
In a pearly way they arranged
With that heart, my heart too banged!
My unicorn was neighing
From a long time, to go ahead, it was saying
But I am lured by her sight
Always waiting for that splendid night!
I sat on its back
But there was my heart which I lack
My soul was captured in those bulrush roots
Which got protected by each part of its shoot!
Now there was snow in background
Filled with wind's and storm's sound
My feet imprinted itself on snow
And these storms stopped to grow!!
I laid on that surface
Which was so cool and numb to embrace
Soon the snowfall began to fall
Day grew dwarf and night grew tall!!
I was still in sleep
Curling once this side and at another, that side
The heart engraved itself in the snow so deep
Then it grew so dim and at last it made itself hide!!
I was again on the animal's back
So harsh it was neighing
To me, something it was saying
That, at this place, stood my heart and my happiness stack!!
Now the wings were ready
The flappings became steady
At once it fastened like that manta in the ocean!!
I was zooming my iris
When I felt the drops so cool and nice
It was the rain shower
But again, I remembered the allurement of my lover!!
She was there in those western sands
Among those untravelled lands
She was there in that darkness of night
She is still with me in my last flight
She was there in those marshlands
Where those heaps of bulrush stands
She was there in those snowfall
Among those wind, s and snowfall, s call
She stood in my long sleep
And in my unicorn which neighed so deep
She is in those first rain showers
Which fed the young flowers!
Now unicorn grew its pace.
Left back was my heart's trace
Waiting for that souls' embrace!!
Souls embrace is for what I wait
I am on my way flying to a new state
To that moon, which rises daily
In a manner..so Gayly!
I will be shining up there
Looking at you ever and ever!
With a face bright and fair
In those sun's warmth
At the end of my flight..
In that allurement sight!!Poem End
 Poem Start
With my hand into hers,
curling in to fit in the gaps.
Fear in the heart; a loud thump,
still the portrait of calmness.
In the weather of adieu,
the rain poured longer than ever.
Woven into feelings drizzle and downpour,
tugged in the garland of hugs,
eyes deeper than Pacific,
the sky deep red.
plunged with terror,
she shielded me with valiance.
The sky blacked out,
hers and mine were one on one.
Her heart gave a shiver,
following it was my hopeful smile.
Kisses aroused the thunderous bolt,
Before the golden rise, it was last moment of dusk.Poem End
 Poem Start
Like the tide, he whiplashed her,
She was a mere bud then,
Into the season of spring,
the bud shrivelled as in autumn!
Thoughts collapsed into a void,
Uncountable tears filled the vessel,
drop by drop they fell on him-
His evil deeds undone!
Her fears died in sleep,
Night-so-black was her gold.
Every moment, hence, when commenced,
She was the rising sun!
Dignified with a smile,
Serenity in her actions,
She was meant to be his doll,
And he unturned all stones of guilt and faith!
Brave with an untold story,
she uttered many of them,
the voice shook and trembled,
The tears frozen, their fall delayed!
Out of dismay, she crept away from the web,
Spider, but, followed her secretly,
She, as the Nivecian butterfly,
Flapped and flapped, distant she flew!
The buried book was the hunter's hook,
With the tears, he awaits for her,
Once an autumn is now the spring,
She will once bloom to expand her world!
Out of all my heroes-
Into the novels or in my fantasies,
She is quite distinct among all-
Taught the Life itself to be alive!Poem End
 Poem Start
Haunted whispers in lonely hours,
numerous blames to her stars,
she herself laments on her very presence,
deepening the scars!
How wide and numbered her reasons,
she is stuck in numerous dungeons.
Not yet ragged, why was she thrown?
But time gave her wings, into the kind lap she had flown!
Caressed with love, wants immersed in fear,
the wizard dropped his silent tears.
Into the enigma of 'is' and 'will',
he kept back his entire thrill.
How magnificent is she?
Eminent in my pages of heroes,
With her childish talks and endless smiles,
She made a life alive!
Once so distant, now so near,
the wizard to her is now so dear.
Together the team of dad and daughter
have planned for fears' slaughter.
The black sky is now not so dark,
numerous stars are creating the spark,
She is the very queen of the Nivecian world,
One of her districts have my flag unfurled!
Keep back the past, strive with a will,
She taught-"life is not an easy deal"!
Spank the fears, dry the tears.
Awaken the smile, live lengths of Nile!!Poem End
 Poem Start
A voice so chanting and charming,
is waiting for its utterance.
A voice so melodious and pleasant,
is waiting for its say.
A voice which is hushed,
is waiting like hydrangea to spread its aroma.
A voice which is suppressed,
is struggling to even sing a hymn.
A voice which is cut with hew,
is still pronouncing with hiatus.
A voice filled with felicity,
is hating its disappearance.
Even this voice is not elite,
nor even eloquent,
let someone niggle at my voice,
but i want to utter a letter,
then a word,
and will let it echo across the globe!!Poem End
 Poem Start
Analysing, believing and corroborating,
pessimistic approach with valant touch,
Nauseating scene and reverberating haunts,
Casting the narcissistic shadow!
It was not the pit in which we all fell,
It was the desire which trapped us all,
Multiple thoughts without scanning,
turned crookedly into vicious love!
It was the sea whose waves fastened our beats,
It was the coo of the cuckoo, holding us to ground,
It was the vial of ether turning us into immortal,
Not until we realized, the eclipse was precarious!
Unwanted, barren soul got a residence,
within the broken chamber of tumultuous heart,
Promises for mending each other within 'n without,
upheld beautifully with the deepest scout!
Years went by, promises loathed the tongue,
Love was the core and the couplets the mantle,
Into the gust of tsunami, the crust crumbled,
What if it doesn't work- You and I?
Denial persisting, ether vaporising,
Cells breathing, fears uprooting,
Into this dual of togetherness and solitude,
Lips ran, the saliva intermixing, solitude burning,
The flames of togetherness burned azure golden!
At the back of my mind, still it exists-
What if it doesn't work?
Devoted, respected, committed,
On an undiscovered journey- it will work!Poem End
 Poem Start
Centuries ago, they met by fate
Charismatic eyes, drew him closer
Her favourite was his endless talks and perfect grin
Hands touched and lava exploded
Electricity ran all through as they stood by each other
Lost in the stare, the dreams sang deeply.
Humanly pace but valant souls
Sunk in deeper and lips drowsily locked
Warm whispers and cuddled moments
They scratched bit by bit, making the business unfair.
Centuries after, they are alive
With her messed up hairs and his torn attire
Her hands in the blanket, caressing the dreamy prince
"You are a ring to my soul", said she.
And leaping wildly over her,
Onto her lips, he traced a Yes'
The neck touch and skin melody
Drowned them deep, his tongue passionately mapping her soul
From underneath she uttered a puzzle,
"Howdy Mr.U, what's creeping at your back?"
No sooner did he break the charming touch,
She crouched back on him, leaping over his manly skin,
She chuckled and dreamily envisioned him,
Past the cure, the prince failed the puzzle.
Lost, defeated and surrendered
She teethed him onto the neck
Saliva glimmering all over body
She was chanting very softly,
He took his turn, put her underneath,
His teeth piercing her holy skin,
Years of wait and handful desires,
Burned under their skillful rage.
As was guessed, saliva tasted blood,
He of she and She his,
The bed was total a hell of untainting desire,
Over and over, they took their turn,
Wildly, and crazily, they overtook and Preyed each other,
the lips wanted more, his touch craved for her touch
They mingled as that was the doom
And so was it, hence we come to know.
Kisses, passion and desire,
The tongue painted itself red,
they drink the blood that ran in them,
With the soul, and so with the blood
They were one.
"Love", uttered he.
Silently, blinking her eyelids, she looked at him,
"We are on the verge of death," said she.
" No, no, we cannot end. ", With fear he uttered.
"We are going to"!
Out of all vivid imagination-
"Will you be my SIRE
And centuries after,
Someone said-
There lives someone by the crooked lane,
they kiss and kiss and stare,
Magnificent and glimmering, shine on their lips,
Deep red! Red as of blood,
Lovely as heaven, fresh like the dew,
Perfectness in their eyes,
They leap again and again,
Onto the roof or under it,
In moonlit night or the warmest sunshine,
They lay on grass, looking at each other,
Hearts burning blazing fires.
Luckily, I witnessed something,
"I love you, for forever to come!"Poem End
